[Music]
hey Donald Glover and this is the
Millennium Falcon
come on let me show you around these are
the living quarters one of my favorite
places on the ship
everything's patent leather we got the
sound system it's pretty great you don't
want to touch any of this up here we
have the guest quarters
pretty awesome space over here we have
one of my favorite places on the ship
food and coffee bar make you a drink if
you want
you know mmm this ship has probably
never looked better than when Lando kind
of had it done oh what a magic happens
oh he got everything here was pillows
are made from actual kagayaki it's not
easy to get listen some tunes if I want
to but I think the coolest part of this
entire ship is in here with the cave
room I got every cave okay I got an
everyday cave sister's wedding tape
intergalactic Presidents Day cake this
is just if someone gets cold okay I got
everything you could probably ever ask
for in here and here is the cockpit
there we are in the cockpit you made it
over here we have the sliders light up
buttons but I think the coolest part of
this ship has to be the hyperdrive and
you get an IP Drive like this
I never get tired of that
[Music]